---
layout: ../../layouts/postlayout.astro
title: 'Games of 2025'
date: 'March 29 2026'
description: 'dont look at the date'
tags: ["games"]
---

2025 is probably one of the best years of playing games I've experienced as someone older than 12. 
Along with a lot of new games, I also just happened to play a lot of old games this year I really liked

I don't think I can actually rank them, but I can catagorize them a little bit.

# hm......
Legends ZA was very strange. I liked Arceus a lot, and I really liked X and Y (probably because I was so young...) so I thought ZA would be perfect for me.
It was ok... it was just very meh..... I liked catching stuff, shiny hunting, etc. but it was just kind of bland... I grinded the shiny charm though so maybe I 
can't be too mean. Except Mega Dimension is like actually the worst thing I've played on a Nintendo device since BDSP. Had a good time for some of the base game though

<br>

# Pretty good!
I tend to really like Draknek & Friends, but when I played the Spooky Express demo, I was really dissapointed. 
The game was a little too easy, whereas it felt like for Cosmic Express it was almost always hard. 

Thankfully, when the full game released the difficulty was back. It was still easier than Cosmic Express, but I think
that game's puzzle design was way messier, and this game's puzzles felt way more satisfying to solve. All of the new mechanics led to really interesting thinking, and the
thematics/music grew on me as I played. 

It felt very strange playing it on my train home after being away from my parents for the first time for university, but its an excellent game for the train. 

<br>

# Very Good!!!
Minesweeper variants. see last post. But don't look at date of last post either. please.

<br>

# VERY VERY GOOD!!!!!
### DK Bananza
I really liked Odyssey, so I was very excited for Bananza. Overall, the game felt really satisfying. Movement in this game felt so good, and breaking things
felt so good, and everything in general was great. The only complaint I have is that there is a lack of challenging content compared to odyssey, but it also might 
be that I'm just better at video games than when I was like 10. 

### Deltarune 3+4
I didn't really like chapter 3 too much? probably overall least favourite of the 4 so far. It wasn't bad, I just preferred the other ones. The secret fight was really
fun though. 

Like most people, I thought chapter 4 was really really really good. I can't point to what I like about it so much to be honest, but the story was really good and 
the music was really good, and the gameplay was very good. 

### Monster Train 2 
I didn't play very much of Monster Train 1 at all, but Monster Train 2 was really really fun. Having 10 characters was ridiculous, and 
something about this game just clicked with me more. I ended up beating Covenant 10 compared to just winning like 5 runs in the first game. 

### Öoo
Very very fun little game! At first I wasn't too much of a fan of the "metroidbrainia" aspect of this game, since its actually pretty linear. Almost all of the rooms are to teach you some mechanics until you have to backtrack to the part where you use what you learned, but you can't realistically ever skip any learning rooms and everything is kind of in a line. However, the more I played the less I cared about that since all the puzzles felt so cool. I was always excited to see what new clever trick the developer would play on me, and it definitely felt like a metroidbrania with all the cool things I learned even though it was mostly linear. Another crazy thing to me is that the game is not particularily difficult, yet it is able to feel so rewarding. 

I even liked the movement system enough to try speedrunning a little (I have not ever speedran in a meaningful capacity) and I ended up doing ok (top 10ish at the time?)

<br>

# TOP 3
### Hades 2
I didn't actually play that much of Hades 1, even though I really liked it. I never really felt like I wanted to try to beat higher heats. Hades 2 was different though. Playing the game felt so much better for some reason. Mel is just a lot more satisfying, and all 6 of her weapons feel good to use. My guess is that the game feels a bit slower paced
and less mashy? The omega moves and the cast made it feel that way at least. I also liked the music and art in this game a lot more too. I ended up beating 32 fear. 

I did play a lot of this game in early access, and it was probably the first game I've seen progress through it in it's entirety. Overall I really liked how they 
handled this game as a sequel. I feel like it definitely could have turned out poorly. 

### Factorio Space Age
The new planets the DLC added are so fun. It was really cool having to solve a new puzzle in each one. The new technology from them was also so satisfying to get. I techinically 
started playing the DLC in 2024, but the majority of my playtime was 2025, and I liked the game enough to go for 100% achievements, something I didn't do for the base game. The new mechanics and QOL changes were also good

A lot of my summer before uni was just playing this game. It's actually really scary how fast time can past. Not just on the scale of a day playing factorio, but in general. It is very strange to not be in highschool, then realize my second semester of university is almost over. 

### Silksong
i mean the game is just good idk. 



